remove_trait = trait_auto_mod_cyborg
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_power_drills
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_harvesters
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_superconductive
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_efficient_processors
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_logic_engines
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_loyalty_circuits
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_double_jointed
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_bulky
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_enhanced_memory
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_durable
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_high_maintenance
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_learning_algorithms
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_power_intensive
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_neural_limiters
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_streamlined_protocols
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_high_bandwidth
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_trading_algorithms
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_stainless_steel_smile
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_welded_countenance
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_apathy_loops
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_bionic_engineers
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_bionic_physicists
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_bionic_sociologists
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_integrated_weaponry
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_delicate_frames
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_limited_memory
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_scarcity_algorithms
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_climate_adjustment_dry
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_climate_adjustment_wet
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_climate_adjustment_frozen
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_ancient_dreadnought
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_enigmatic_fortress
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_infinity_sphere
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_scavenger_bot
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_creed_of_construction
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_creed_of_war
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_creed_of_research
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_creed_of_labor
remove_trait = trait_cyborg_ritualistic_implants
